Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Copy that.
EMS 26-14.
- Haylee. wake up.
Let's go!
Haylee.
Gavin Medical EMS.
26-14. go ahead.
- Gavin Medical EMS 26-14.
Inbound. critical condition. multiple GSW.
EMS-
- Haylee what the fuck
is going on back there?
All right. 10 minutes.
Our ETA is 10 minutes.
- Whoa.
TJ. TJ. we don't have 10 minutes.
She's dropping.
I don't know. her pulse is dropping.
Haylee.
- We're losing her.
We're losing her.
- All right how long does she have?
How long does she have!
- I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
- Clear.
- Shit.
- I'm sorry I snuck up on you sorry.
- It's okay.
- I just wanted to come
by and check up on ya.
I know that you just.
got back off of leave.
- Yeah. I'm doing good.
- Good.
And speaking of leave.
you know you still have some
more furlough time left.
if you find out that you may wanna
take a little bit more of it.
You know there is no shame.
Thompson's still using his furlough time.
- Yeah. I'm good.
I'm surprised TJ isn't back yet.
- You know when I was out in the field.
many many years ago.
I saw things that other people
couldn't even possibly imagine.
And to unsee the hard ones.
was the toughest.
That's our job.
That's what we signed up for.
- Yeah. Just glad to be back.
- Yeah. And coming back
from a demanding job.
that requires every ounce of us.
and then to push past an event like this.
it really speaks volumes.
- Thanks.
- Mm. I'm glad you're back.
You're one of the good ones Green.
- Well you don't look like
total shit. so that's good.
Hi. I'm Haylee.
- Rodriguez.
- It's nice to meet you.
Mm-hmm.
- You're the one who
had the GSW kid right?
- Yeah.
- How long you been on the job?
- About a year and a
half since the academy.
- That's cool.
So what. you woke up one day
and decided you wanted
to run into the shit?
I'll bet they sold you
the dream at orientation.
Fucking rookies.
- What happened to your last partner?
- I've been saving lives
in these streets for years.
Some people come and go.
After awhile. some people
just can't stomach it.
You know what I mean?
Ambulance 52. we got it covered.
Apartment 2F right?
Yep.
- Why don't they have a
fucking elevator in here?
- Tell me.
Hey you wanna get Chinese for lunch?
- Hell yeah.
- Sweet.
Ashley was getting closer.
ever since we responded to
the call when I lost her.
I've never had one hit like that.
Of course I've had people
pass away on me. but
nothing like this.
- I swear to God.
there could be somebody dying in the back
and these assholes would still not know
how to fucking drive.
Come on motherfuckers.
hit the gas.
Not
driving is the worst.
Not because my new partner hates me.
but you're trapped in
the back nowhere to go.
The doors are sealed it's just you.
You. and the vice.
That's the scariest place of all.
I mean you move quick.
- Yeah.
Ambulance 52. bleeding male
at the corner of Woodman and Fourth.
- Copy thank you dispatch.
- What are we the only
bitches working tonight?
- Oh come on you'll see her later.
- Weird. do you think it's a ghost call?
- Dispatch this is 52.
You're sure it's in the
alley Woodman and Fourth?
Yes 52. Woodman and Fourth.
- Copy well. there is nobody here.
That's all
the information I have.
- Sass.
Thanks dispatch.
Probably some shits.
Sitting in an office all
day while we're out here
risking our shit.
- Hold up. hold up I
think I hear something.
What you got like
dog hearing ears and shit?
Hmm.
- Hmm I think I'm gonna call this one in.
Homeboy might be dead.
- Ah. that's all right.
I'll go in and check on him.
- Girl get your ass back here what the?
Always the white ones.
Hello?
Hi.
- Hi.
I'm here 'cause we got a call
that you might've injured yourself.
Oh no. no. no. no.
- Ooh you've got a pretty nasty cut there.
Oh me?
- How'd you get that?
What's your name?
You can call me Finn.
- Finn.
- Yeah.
- My name is Haylee.
Hi.
- Looks like you lost some blood
and you're bleeding a little bit.
I'm gonna wrap your arm
with some gauze okay?
Yes.
- Are you high?
No.
Finn. have
you been using tonight?
Hey. you're cute.
Are you an angel?
- I am not an angel.
- No. no don't. don't.
Fuck are you okay?
Oh shit.
You're fucking bleeding.
- I'm fine it's fine.
Oh my god.
- It's fine. It's fine.
Are you sure?
- Yeah.
- Motherfucker piece of shit.
Shit.
Dr. Cravitz.
you have a visitor
in the main lobby.
- Hey. captain.
Dr. Cravitz. a
visitor in the main lobby.
- How's she doing?
- Attacker got her good.
They were running tests
and she was bleeding.
Still waiting on results.
- All right look I'm gonna send you home.
I need a full report of
exactly what happened?
And the police are downstairs
they wanna get a scope on
the asshole who did this one.
- Yeah. I'm okay.
- Okay. You okay?
- All right. good.
Get outta here.
Take off.
Hey Red.
How you doing?
- Oh I've had better days.
Mm.
- First day back I'm
cut open with a bottle.
- People like me and you
are cut out for this job.
Others they can't stomach it.
- Yeah.
- Headquarter is coming down on me.
- I figured we'd be having this talk.
- They feel like you aren't ready and.
quite honestly I think I
may have made a mistake
in thinking that you are.
- What are you saying?
- They want you to go in
for a full psych evaluation.
Gets better.
And they're gonna put you
behind a desk for a while.
- A desk?
- Well between the accident
and you not being ready.
this is. it's just talk for now.
- No Joe. Joe. I belong
in the field I save lives.
I run into shit that other
people can't handle it.
You're gonna stick me
behind a fucking desk?
- Look it's not me.
Come on you know I went to bat for you.
They overruled me.
We'll reach out to your rep.
- No. You tell them to
shove their psych eval
up their asses.
I'd rather quit than do that.
- I knew you were gonna to say that.
I'll have your rep reach out to you?
- Don't bother.
I'm good.
- Come on I know you're
gonna change your mind.
- No I won't.
- All right.
- Hey mom.
Haylee
I've been trying to reach you for days.
- Yeah. sorry I've been working a lot.
Haven't had time for anything else.
You've
been working crazy hours
I don't know how you do it.
- It's not for everyone.
What's up.
Nothing.
your father left few hours ago
he said he was going over the few things.
- AKA its been ship based.
Yap
another exciting weekend
in the green household.
Haylee you sound like shit honey.
- Thanks.
Someone is on my door. I
gotta go I'll call you back.
Who is it?
A boy. are you dating?
- No mom. no.
I gotta go bye.
- Hey.
I didn't expect to see you today.
- I can see that.
You wanna go for a walk?
- Sure. just a second.
- All right I'm just gonna
come right out with it.
I should have done something.
I froze. I fucked up.
- It's okay.
- I was your partner.
I should have had your back.
I shouldn't have ever let
you go into that alley.
- You told me not to. I didn't listen.
- I get it.
I just still feel really shitty about it.
- Okay all right.
Let it go. seriously.
- I'm just glad you didn't die
or get Hep C or something.
- Yeah me too.
- So Joe. he still feels
really guilty about all this.
He went to bat for you.
- I know I told him I was out.
- Well that's partially why I'm here.
He wanna give you another shot.
He wants you to come back.
- He couldn't come here
himself to tell me about?
- Well the last time you guys spoke
it didn't go too well did it?
Besides I wanna come check on you.
- Thanks.
- So we good?
- Yeah. we're good.
Ah man.
Wow look who it is smiley.
- Sorry I just wanted to say-
- I just wanna stop you right there.
I know what you're gonna
say but the truth be told.
you're a big fat pain in the ass.
But these rooms haven't been
the same without you here.
- How'd you get him to reconsider?
- Come on Red.
you have been around as long as I have.
you know people huh?
And with that comes a long laundry list
of bullshit and gossip.
That she knew and I.
- I understood.
Is Rodriguez here?
- No she's out riding
with her new partner.
- New partner?
- No I didn't tell you?
We had to make some changes.
You would be riding with Kyle.
- Kyle?
Scooter?
- Scooter.
Yeah.
No.
- Yeah.
- Oh fuck.
- Welcome back Red.
Scooter.
- Holy shit this God damn city.
Hey move you're fucking car.
Get out of the way dick head!
God damn fucking ambulance.
Come on!
- Make a hole. make a hole.
- What did she take?
- What the fuck did you take!
- She was shooting up the whole night.
She was shooting the whole night. Jesus.
I'm fucking friends.
What's you name sweet heart?
It's Haylee.
- Three dollar. ten
cents that's a good one.
- Hey.
hey!
Hey!
Wow.
what happened here?
- Freaked the fuck out of me.
Do you think cops already got in here?
- Is someone here?
I'm gonna. I'm gonna wrap
your wrist with some gurney.
- Don't you fucking touch me.
- I'm here to help.
That's why you called right?
You want some help?
- I don't want your pity.
- My name is Haylee.
What's yours?
- Shanita.
Shanita Drink.
- Why did you cut yourself Shanita?
- Have you've been through
the ringer like I have?
Just waking up. is tiring every day.
- Why did you call for help.
- I didn't call for help.
I called somebody I
didn't have to die alone.
- Hey let me just check on the cops
should have been here right now.
- Yeah why don't you go get the gurney
and sign out with their ETAs?
- Can I ask you something?
Have you ever wanted to die?
- Yeah.
Everyday for awhile now.
- I need you to do me a favor.
- Get you to a hospital?
- No I need your help.
- What?
.
It went out. its more paining
its more paining.
Please let me go quicker. please?
- I can't do that.
- I'm a 35 year old drug queen.
who with stage four prostate cancer.
My parents disowned me when I came out.
and its probably lost.
.
There is not much of a
lifetime for me to live.
- What you're talking
about is assisted suicide.
It's illegal.
I wanna help you.
- Come on have some mercy.
That's what I'll call you.
I'll call you mercy. mercy.
Please.
So he was deceased
when you went in there?
- She had lost a lot of blood.
my partner went to get the gurney
so we could stop and go
but its was too late.
- Do you see anything different sir?
- No she was a goner.
- Well if you remember anything
else called the station.
- Next time you decide to stock someone.
hold onto your shit.
You dropped your ID.
- That's the stolen property.
you could be arrested for that.
- I'm returning lost property.
I'm doing a good deed.
Besides no one would
believe you anyway junkie.
I need something from you.
- I don't have any money.
- I don't want your money.
I want something else.
- Sex?
Come on I'm just joking.
- I want to meet your dealer.
- Slade?
No way he'll kill me.
- Correction.
I will kill you.
Put some fucking clothes on.
- Hey Scooter.
- What's up captain.
- Listen that suicide victim.
I'm gonna need a full
report from you and Haylee
by the time you started your next shift.
- Got it boss.
- And Scote.
- Yeah.
- Suicide call.
Haylee how'd she do?
- She handled it like a pro.
- Okay. get some rest.
- Yes sir.
- Can I help you?
- I'm looking for Slade.
- He's not here. come back tomorrow.
- We're here to see Slade.
- Who the fuck do you think you are?
Let them in!
- Tommy.
- Yes sir.
- A word.
Brian Cohen AKA Shanita Drink.
drag queen who committed suicide.
lab over report back?
- That's actually what I'm looking at now.
- Great.
Let's put this one to bed.
- Yes sir.
- Sod.
- Well don't keep me in fucking suspense.
- Well it says here that our
vecy he overdosed on Nembutal.
- Lethal injection?
- Yeah.
- This definitely illegal.
And he gets to go down
to phone him though.
- Should we suspect foul play at all?
- I don't think so.
I'll check with Grace at the lab.
- Okay keep me posted.
- We'll do.
- Finn boy!
You better have my fucking money.
- Yeah about that...
This is my friend Haylee.
She's here to do business.
- Who needs an attack dog.
When you got a girl that'll
just. cut your fucking nuts off.
- Anything for you.
- Business?
So what are you looking for?
Oxy. some heroin. maybe some meth.
- I need Nembutal.
- What the fuck is that?
- You're a drug dealer and
you don't know a Nembutal is.
- Careful.
Your pretty face will get fucked up.
- It comes in liquid form and pill form.
I need the liquid.
- What are you gonna do with it?
- To bake a cake what's it to you.
- I told you. I told you
this baby was feisty.
I'll get you the Nembutal
just how much are you looking for?
- I need two boxes for now?
- Well it's not gonna be
easy and it won't be cheap
but assuming you already know
that if you're looking for
someone to get it for you.
- How much?
- It's gonna be two K now.
and you own me what phenols or no deal.
- Fine. how soon can you get it?
- Well this isn't your
neighborhood pharmacy
would you expect to just
browse around for an hour
and pick your shit up at my counter?
At least a few days to find that shit.
Check back in with me and Finn.
- Yeah.
- Never walk back into my
place without my money again.
I'll let my lady cut your cock off.
You remember how lucky you are
your grandmother was good to me.
- You don't say you
actually do that will you?
- You think I would break my word
in front of this beautiful creature?
- No.
- I was fucking joking.
No I already said it so
I can't take it back.
Get the fuck out of here.
- He was sacred
he was scared of me.
- Jeez totally scared.
oh yeah.
- Can we make a stop somewhere?
- Yeah. let's go.
- Can I ask you a question
you don't have to answer
if you don't want to?
- What is it?
- Obviously you have this
bad rep and everyone thinks
your original ass hole.
You don't seem that bad to me.
What's the deal.
- What do you want some backstory
into what has molded me into
the masterful hate machine
I am today?
I don't fucking know.
Some people are wired differently.
- Sorry I asked.
- Tiffany.
What?
- Her name was Tiffany.
- Hi is Finn here?
Come in.
Thanks for coming I
know. you're busy at work
sorry to bother you.
- Are you in trouble.
- No it's not for me.
It's on some people I care about.
- People?
- Let me show you.
- You want me to take him to the hospital?
- No. I need you to do your thing.
- How the hell did you know about?
- Hooked up what you have
sliding up here okay?
I know what that shit is.
Are you gonna help us or not?
- Absolutely not.
- Wait please. may I
speak with you in private?
That woman in the other
room is my grandmother.
My parents left when I was young.
my father went to prison
and my mother was nowhere to be found.
That woman. she gave me something.
She gave me a purpose.
- I can't-
- That same woman. took Finn in.
He had terrible upbringing.
He had no guidance at all.
But when he was hungry or
he needed a place to stay
when the streets were cold.
grandma gave him something too.
- What's wrong with your grandfather?
- He's gone.
My Nana God bless her
she doesn't have the heart to let him go.
She always said. " I'll let me damned
if the bastard outlives me."
- Look my job is to help-
- If it's about money-
- It's not.
- Finn told us what you do.
I don't know if it's
production for something
but my grandma wants to go.
She's had a really good life
she just wants to be with her husband.
- I don't know what Finn told you.
but you got the wrong person for the job.
- Maybe you can have your
peace by giving others theirs.
- I'll do it.
Are you sure you wanna do this?
- Yes dear.
When you've lived this
long and as well as I.
its best you realize
when you're time is up.
- But you have a choice.
- My choice has been in this
bed next to me for 45 years.
I counted the stars in bed for him.
- I want to have a love like that someday.
- Open your heart.
good things can happen.
- When I do this.
you'll receive a dose
that is two times the amount.
It will be painless.
it also be quick.
- It's time.
- I'll need this hand.
- Thank you
- What the fuck took you so long?
- This is a personal thing.
Any calls?
- Yeah I told him we were on
break and turn the radio off.
Dispatch is gonna love us.
- Fuck him.
- Oh shit okay.
You're good?
- Yeah.
- I won't touch that if I were you.
- Sharp.
- And then?
- Look who it is.
- You have my shit?
- Whoa do I walk into your
house and start demanding shit?
- It's been a rough day.
- Want a bump.
The pure shit from here to city point.
- I'm good.
- You know. this wasn't easy to come by.
You going to need anymore?
- It's one box.
- It's two for one.
- One should do for now.
- It's all there darling.
- Free piece of advice.
Keep an eye on those around you.
Junk is dead.
The scum of the earth.
but they pay the bills.
- I'll take my chances.
Haylee.
I got a job for you.
- My webcam days are over.
- It's funny.
It's funny but Finn.
he told me about your
little side operation
and it just so happens I need you.
- Interesting.
Find somebody else.
- I got 10 grand.
and you make it quick.
- 10 grand and you stop selling to Finn.
- What'd you look at this bitch Feat.
Finn is a good customer.
I mean sure he's a little
late on his payments sometimes
but still...
All right. all right.
You gotta deal.
- She is a bitch.
- Who and when?
Hey!
- I'm up?
I'm up.
- What the fuck are you doing here?
- Tried calling you. but you
weren't answering your phone
so I came by your place and
you left your door unlocked.
- What did I tell you about
letting people know about me?
- I'm sorry.
- What I do.
I do to help people.
I'm not some goddamn hired gun.
- The streets we're talking.
- Oh really?
And why is that?
Is that 'cause you open
your big fucking mouth?
Keep your goddamn mouth shut
or the next time I find
you asleep on my couch
you won't wake up.
Go home!
- I don't know where to go.
- Sorry for your loss Mrs Cohen.
- Thank you.
But this just doesn't add up.
- What do you mean?
- My son couldn't have injected himself.
he was afraid of needles as a kid.
And he didn't do drugs.
- But even people in their
most vulnerable state
overcome fears and do drastic things.
- With all due respect sir. my
son may have slid his wrists.
but he did not inject himself.
- Mrs. Cohen. I assure you
we're not ruling anything out.
- I may not have been the
best mother in the world.
but I did love my son.
- Hey those shifts are long man.
- I guess you got lives to save
- By the way you still owe
me from Slade the other night
so basically I'm repent.
- Oh come on. I can't be tricked out.
Not like...
I'm more of a finesse guy okay.
- Oh yeah you showed a lot
of finesse the other night.
- Well yeah that was with Slade.
- He's not a problem.
it's the shit back sidekick
you should be worried about.
- Oh no. you don't know Slade.
You weren't from this neighborhood Haylee.
you don't know the kind of
people he used to roll with.
They're not the kind of
people you wanna mess with.
All right. they do things.
They know people.
- Yeah we all know people.
Some are just worse than others.
- Now what?
Look the people he was rolling with
and was coming up. they're bad.
You don't mess with them.
You just do what they
say. keep your head down.
don't ask any questions.
It's safer that way.
- What happened to you?
- I don't really wanna talk about it.
- Stay with me.
- Thanks.
I don't really owe you do I?
- Yeah you do. for the coffee.
Shit I gotta go.
- Oh. okay.
- Come on.
Pick it up.
- This worst week has been crazy.
I should be there in like...
I'll be there in like 10 minutes.
Okay get a drink ready for me.
because mama need to get fucked up.
- Do you wanna get a...
Do you wanna get a hamburger
or something later?
I'm dying for a whole day.
- Yeah sure.
- What's the matter?
- What do you mean?
- Somehow you usually
disgusting  by now.
- I'm sorry. my mind
is just somewhere else.
- Spill it.
Come on. Haylee we're in this together.
- Do you ever wonder
what the point of it is?
Do you ever wonder why we are here?
- Yeah. Easy to get fucked and pay taxes.
911. what's your emergency.
- I need help.
Where are you?
Do you need medical assistance?
.
I don't know.
I don't know where I am.
You gotta see now for yourself.
.
- All that evil in the world.
The drugs. the violence.
What's the point of it all?
- Just ride it out till you know.
- Yeah.
Ambulance 52. we
got another one another you.
- Like now.
Ambulance 52 go ahead.
Corner of Broadway.
22-year old female bleeding.
No further information.
- That's it boss.
- Great more blood.
- Come on.
- This is it.
- Yeah this is it.
You know I feel partially responsible
for what you've became.
- Scooter.
- Yeah this is probably where we are.
Call it in and get the cops.
- Hello.
Did you call for help?
Its okay.
you can trust me.
I'm gonna shine this light in your eye.
it's gonna be bright okay?
Honey who did this to you?
- I don't know.
- What's your name?
- Get it ready for me.
because mama needs to get fucked up.
- Kim.
- I'm gonna be right back.
Don't move okay?
- Okay.
- What was it?
- Can you carry her outta here?
- Yeah what happened?
- She was raped. it's a lot of trouble.
- Fuck
Yeah I got her.
- Look here.
this is my partner Scooter.
he's gonna carry you outta here
so we can take a better look
at you in the ambulance okay?
You can trust him I promise.
Finn.
what are you...
What are you doing here?
Hello?
Hello
Hello!
Finn!
Hello Finn.
- Stop it!
Hey are you all right?
Okay get him here.
- Can you hurry.
Stop taking care of me please?
- You're place of work
and tell you how to do you're fucking job.
- This aint gonna fuck later shut up!
- Put some pressure on my wound.
Hell wait no. no no.
What is that?
- Sedative makes you feel better.
- What the fuck!
What the fuck is going on back there?
- I miss the sed and I don't shit
fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. shit.
- Haylee pull together back there.
- No. no. no. no.
Oh my God.
Scooter. Scooter he's a cop.
Somebody call.
- He's a what?
- He's a fucking cop.
Fuck!
Fucking cop.
- Haylee what did you do?
- Fuck Scooter!
Pull this over.
- Clear mother fucker.
- Scooter.
Scooter.
- Dispatch this is
ambulance 52 do you read me?
- No. no. no. no.
- I put up with your
moment of peace bullshit.
Okay I didn't say a word.
But we just murdered a cop.
A fucking cop.
- No I didn't know he was a cop.
- What did your friend say?
Where the do you find these people?
- I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm sorry okay.
I'm sorry.
- You're sorry?
- It was late.
He sent me up because of Finn.
Fuck Finn.
Finn I have to talk to Finn.
- Do you even hear yourself?
This is not all about you.
You ego maniacal bitch.
- Fuck you.
I didn't break on you.
- Fuck. I think I broke my fucking hand.
Fuck!
- What are we gonna do?
What are we gonna do?
- We?
- We've been in this together.
We're a team.
- Yeah. some fucking team.
- I think I'll make a phone call.
- You know. I gotta say
I'm a little surprised
you decided to do this.
Tomorrow night.
- It's cops.
- It's not the cops.
- I told you I was only one call away.
This is my cousin Tito.
- Thanks for being here.
- I hear you took out a situation.
- Yeah. you can say that.
- Where is he?
- Hey so I heard you got a new partner
but I didn't know you'd be slumming in.
- Hey Gina. how are you doing?
- Pretty good how are you?
- So you two murdered a cop.
I didn't see that shit coming.
- You take care of it?
- A human shot shot baby.
But you and you're double
boy gotta go for a walk.
Take the chasey.
- Were are you going?
- I'm not here for you-
- This is my fucking time.
Get the fuck-
- Hey.
And who pissed who in your Cheerios?
I should be the one who's pissed
as you fucked up your end of the deal.
I don't want have to use this so seat.
Seat!
- I went to McCormick Avenue.
I picked up your guy.
What you failed to tell
me he's a fucking cop.
- I don't know what you're talking about
'cause you were supposed
to put my cousin Jimmy
out of his misery.
He's in renal failure
and not a good candidate for a transplant.
So he waits for you and waits for you
and you never show up here.
- You're a fucking liar.
- Watch the video.
Gosh I'm the
only one fucking here.
where is this bitch?
- I don't know who you grabbed.
you fucked up.
- Stupid bitch.
- I will fucking kill you.
- Oh lets go.
- All right okay she's dangerous.
Sit down.
Now if we all just. take a hit.
- I don't do drugs.
- You don't do drugs?
You got no problem shoving
into everyone else's veins?
Take the hit.
- Last night. nobody touched you.
- Sorry about that.
- Probably later today huh?
- Yeah.
Estimated time of death?
- I would say he's been
dead for about a week.
Judging by insect activity on
them. wounds on his abdomen.
and general decomposition of his body.
- May I?
- Yes detective.
- Fucking sons of bitches.
- You all right?
- Can I get a minute?
- Sure.
Hey doc.
Yes detective.
- When you did the autopsy
do you guys find any drugs in the system?
- Actually yes.
There are traces of
Nembutal in the system.
It's possibly he overdosed.
but I'll need a few more tests to confirm.
- Thank you.
Ambulance 52.
.
- This is ambulance 52. 10-four.
You ready for this?
- Yeah.
- This is the place right?
- Yeah. that's what Slade said.
- Anybody home?
- I don't know he didn't say.
- When we get up out of there.
you better come through on
that ounce you promised.
- Yeah I will.
I'm a man of my word.
Have you actually ever killed anyone?
- See you shaking a gun.
that gun we had. don't worry.
It gets easier.
Once you pull up on a motherfucker.
you tug that trigger.
you're in control.
You got all the power.
You gotta be a shark. hunting for blood.
You feel me?
- Yeah. I feel you.
I can do that.
I can handle that.
- Yeah. Oh. someone right there.
- Oh fuck it is her.
- Did someone call for an ambulance?
- You man you gotta go.
Come on. go get him.
- Yeah. just give me a second all right.
I don't wanna fuck this up.
- Go right fucking now.
How are they gonna know
there is nobody in the fucking house.
- I swear to God it's one
of those dick bag teenagers
I'm gonna lose it.
- Dispatch this is ambulance 52.
I didn't get any response to the resident
I just wanna confirm the
address is 36 Burn side Lane.
over.
- I don't see anybody.
- You little pussy ass motherfucker.
Give me that gun.
If I kill him myself Slade
is gonna kill your ass.
- Hey Drake!
Drake don't it. don't...
Fuck!
- I think we should go
back to the bus yeah?
- Scooter!
- Did you do it?
- I don't know if I fucking
kill him. I fucking did it.
- Keep your pressure right here.
Keep it handled the wound.
Oh my God.
Stay with me.
Its okay.
It's okay.
- I'm gonna die.
- You're not gonna die.
It's okay.
- Oh God!
Haylee I'm gonna die.
.
I'm going as fast I can buddy.
- I'm gonna die.
- It's okay Scooter. we're one minute out.
- I'm coming. I'm coming.
Hello.
- Come on.
Come on open this fucking door.
Come on Charlotte.
I'm sorry.
Come just open up.
- What Finns. what do you want?
- Come on don't be mad at me.
- You left me stranded
in fucking bus stop dude
and you know shot.
- Wait.
- I don't have time for this.
- I brought your favorite one.
Come on you know you want to.
Come on you-
Oh man what are you doing?
- It's science you will get it.
- Wow that's fucking insane.
Don't do that. that's dangerous.
- Don't be such a fucking pussy.
- Okay. there is no way
that I'm letting you
have all the fun.
- Dude that's one for me.
- Whose the pussy now bitch.
- Dude that was such a big head.
You're gonna be so fucked.
Oh my God dude. give me a cigarette.
Finn?
Fuck!
Fucking ass hole.
Yeah I need fucking help.
- Who the...
Who the...
What?
Who the fuck.
- Oh Tommy. it's been awhile.
Did you know that the
definition of a partner
is a person who takes
part in an undertaking?
- What's going on Haylee?
Why are you here?
What are you doing?
- The death of Ashley consumes
me like a fucking disease.
But you. you get to hide in
your house and ignore the world.
It's fucking pathetic.
Why can't I move?
- Oh I induced you with paralyzing drug.
- Please just let me go.
Please just let me go.
It's not my fault.
It wasn't my fault.
Please.
Please let me go.
You can still walk away from this.
- I'm not walking away from anything.
I feel trapped.
I know you did too.
That's why I'm here to help you.
I'm here to help ease the pain.
- You're crazy bitch.
- Yeah. I am.
What are you doing here?
Eight dollars for fucking burial
are you kidding me?
Jesus Christ new management shit.
Hey!
Hey what's the votes.
- Oh relax I've seen worse.
Hey what about you?
What are you doing here huh?
- I'm hunting.
- Hunting?
- Hey well. speaking of.
see that girl at the end of the bar.
I think she's checking me out.
What do you think?
- Hey. it's on me.
- It's very kind.
- Hi.
What's you name?
- Mercy.
My name is Mercy.
Mercy what do you say. you
finish that little drink
then we roll out of here?
- Hey buddy. is this
fucking your night too?
- Every fucking season.
- Don't worry.
I'm a paramedic.
there'd be a last time
right through the heart
coming right from the start
will see you around
creeping through the crowd
trying to ignore it
will be a last time